[GUIDE] add openenv agentic coding environment to infenerence providers (#2041)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/inference-providers/guides/coding-environment.md

# Use Coding Environment with Inference Providers

> [OpenEnv](https://openenv.org/) is an open standard for Agentic environments where AI models can interact with tasks like coding, browsing the web, playing games, or trading in a stock market.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[OpenEnv](https://github.com/meta-pytorch/OpenEnv) is an open standard for Agentic environments where AI models can interact with tasks like coding, browsing the web, playing games, or trading in a stock market.
```
